0.71 changelogs (#27094)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.71 - June 2023 Update

In this release, we focused on stability and improvements.

**Highlights**
 - Support previewing archive files with Peek. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
 - Fixed PT Run crash caused by missing App.Dark.png file.
 - Added setting to set Registry Preview as default app for opening .reg files. Thanks [@randyrants](https://github.com/randyrants)!

>  - Modernized Settings app title bar and styling (Mica background material) to be inline with Windows11 guidelines. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Modernized Settings app title bar and styling (Mica background material) to be inline with Windows 11 guidelines. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
```

 - Merge settings to single folder.

### Text Extractor

 - Various improvements and fixes. Thanks [@TheJoeFin](https://github.com/TheJoeFin)!

### Settings

 - Styling fixes for Peek and Mouse Without Borders pages. (This was a hotfix for 0.70) Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
 - Fixed Mouse Without Borders machine connection status styling. (This was a hotfix for 0.70)
 - Improved Mouse Without Border page Uninstall service UX when it is inaccessible. (This was a hotfix for 0.70)
 - Updated File Explorer module screenshots and instructions to reflect the Windows 11 File Explorer. Thanks [@infinitepower18](https://github.com/infinitepower18)!
 - Modernized the app title bar and styling (Mica background material) to be inline with Windows11 guidelines. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
 - Improved error handling on settings backup failure.
 - Added Reset button to shortcut control to reset activation shortcut to default value. Thanks [@Svenlaa](https://github.com/Svenlaa)!
 - Improved Exclude apps setting for all modules to also detect apps by title.

### Development

>  - Added Peek and Mouse Without Borders to github templates. (This was a hotfix for 0.70)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added Peek and Mouse Without Borders to GitHub templates. (This was a hotfix for 0.70)
```

>  - Added Peek and Mouse Without Borders to GitHub templates. (This was a hotfix for 0.70)

Author: No. On the other hand, we also list repo Docs updates here as well
